breaking: remove support for `svelte.config.js` (#16007)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/98-reference/50-configuration.md

});
```

As well as SvelteKit, the plugin options are used by other tooling that integrates with Svelte such as editor extensions.

Any options that don't belong to SvelteKit are passed through to [`vite-plugin-svelte`](https://github.com/sveltejs/vite-plugin-svelte/blob/main/docs/config.md), so you can set options like `inspector` here too. The `experimental` namespace is shared — SvelteKit reads its own flags and forwards the rest.

> [!LEGACY]
> Before, you could only pass your configuration to the `svelte.config.js` file.

> > After version 2.62.0, if the config is defined via the plugin, the `svelte.config.js` file is ignored.

Reviewer: this sort of suggests that it's still possible

```suggestion
> Prior to SvelteKit 3, config lived in a `svelte.config.js` file, which is no longer supported. The ability to configure SvelteKit via `vite.config.js` was added in version 2.62.
```
